So we created our listener configuration for rabbit MQ.
No it's time to actually test it out.
So for that purpose I'll start by running our application.
So let's just simply run our application and see what's going to happen.
All right.
Spring is initialising.
And here we go.
Our application is Third it.
And let's take a closer look to our Application logs.
And when I go down below here as you can see the rabbit.
Q Our application is trying to access the rabbit named Q At Port 5 6 7 2 and you should note the line
just below that created new connection and within that connection as you can see our queue our application
disconnected to rapidly.
Q All right so now let's go to our dashboard for Aberdeen Q and see what happened in.
If we can see our Q create it in the dashboard.
So let's go to Qs and bingo we have our Q create it with the actual Jellico with spring code just like
that.
Here we go.
We have our Q create it with the configuration that we just did with rabid MQ and if we go back to see
how that happened.
We created the bean for our Q And for that Q We use the durability as true.
And if we go back to our dashboard you're going to see that durability is true.
This is the cue that we just created at.
If we go back to our code we created a connection factory so that our application can connect to the
rabbit MQ broker and create the queue for us.
That was the purpose of it.
And for listening to messages we created a message listener and for the class to catch the messages
for us was the rabbit.
Q message listener class so let's test out the class we created for listening to messages.
So I'll go back to my dashboard and our session has expired.
What's logging back again.
So to test out our implementation our listener class will go down and I will publish a message so for
our delivery out.
I don't have to be persistent because this is going to be a very simple message.
I don't have to provide any headers.
I don't need any properties.
I'll just simply go down to payload and 40 payload.
I'll say message from rabbit and Q. dashboard.
All right so I'll hit publish message and as you can see our message is published.
So now when I switched back to my application here we go we have our message in the log.
So our implementation is working and we can receive the messages coming to rescue just as we published
the messages.
Message from rabit MQ dashboard so creating configuration cues and listening to the messages coming
to Q is just as simple as that rabbit.
Q And as you can see here we didn't write so much lines of code we just wrote couple of beans and we
just wired them and then we listened to the messages coming from that.
Q.